>> Jem Young: So, let's make SSH Key back
in your favorite tool, the command line.
Go ahead, in that cd into the .ssh
directory, is to save your time in
the future so you don't move your key.
>> Speaker 2: Before
you jump in that next command, you might
wanna check and see if they already
have a key that they're using.
>> Jem Young: That's true.
Actually, no, we'll make a new key.
Yeah, I don't wanna confuse anybody.
I have a lot of keys, too, and
I just, I'm not gonna make a new
one cuz I have a lot of keys.
If you already have an SH key,
go ahead and feel free to use that.
>> Speaker 2: [INAUDIBLE]
if they're already using it some place
>> Jem Young: Yeah, that's fine.
Again, cuz that's the great thing about
public key authentication is I can reuse
my public key infinitely cuz I'm the only
one that has the key to unlock that.
So, it's a-
>> Speaker 2: What I'm saying is if they
already have a public and
private pair, and
they share that public key,
say, for example, to GitHub.
Okay, and they overwrite it.
They'll have to submit
the new key to GitHub.
>> Jem Young: Yeah, definitely
do not overwrite your current keys.
[LAUGH]
>> Speaker 2: That's what I'm saying.
>> Jem Young: I got you, all right, so
I'm gonna go through this.
I'll make a new key myself.
[LAUGH] Just kick everyone
out of the server.
All right.
>> Jem Young: So, I'm gonna see,
this is a shortcut.
>> Speaker 3: Just to be clear,
you want them to make this on there own
computer, not on that server, right?
>> Jem Young: Yes, I am sorry,
you can exit out of that server
just type exit to get out
back on your home computer.
So cd ~ is short for
just your own home directory.
So, if I see here,
I'm back in my own home directory.
cd ~/.ssh is where your ssh keys live, and
I have a lot of SSH keys.
>> Jem Young: I'm just
gonna clean up some of those, some file.
>> [MUSIC]
>> Jem Young: Yeah I should not
play around with this directory
>> Jem Young: Cool, all right.
So, I'm going to make a key,
ssh-keygem-t, rsa is
just an encryption strategy that we're
going to use Rsa is just Pretty secure,
and the t is just saying
where you wanna use this for,
the type encryption,
for generating the key.
And,
>> Jem Young: Give the file name.
Do not use the default.
If you just hit enter, you're probably.
If you already have a key,
you're gonna overwrite that.
Do not overwrite your existing
SSH key This is really important.
You will get yourself
into a world of hurt.
So I'm going to call this one, my key.
That's it.
You can call it whatever you want.
Just make sure it's memorable,
but I'll just call it my key for
the sake of the example.
My key already exists.
Good.
I don't want to overwrite that.
So I'm going to call this My key two.
I'm going to put no
passphrase cause I'm lazy,
but you should put a passphrase on it.
All right.
That's it.
So, move this up a bit.
>> Jem Young: Now I
have a public private key.
The public key is .pub the private
key doesn't have a file type on it.
So if I wanna look at that public key,
or actually look at public key first,
so I'll say my_key2.pub
>> Jem Young: This is what
a public key looks like.
As you can see it's extremely long.
It's I don't want to say unbreakable but
it's very, very difficult to hack this.
The order of magnitude you need to
break into this with a public key
is pretty high.
This is just a public key.
I'm a show you my private key which you
general don't ever wanna do to anybody.
But since this is just for
this test server.
This is a private key.
As we see it substantially larger.
We're talking decades of computing
time to break a private key.
As we can tell this is much more
security than password 1,2,3, 4, 5.
This is why we use public private key.
So is everybody with me so far?
>> Jem Young: Okay good we all have a key.
So everybody has a public and private key?
We're all good.
All right.
Because we are going to use this later.
And you should have some
sort of random marks.
Yes, do not lose your private key.
If you lose your private key,
you have zero ways of getting it back, and
getting back to that server.
Especially, we're going to
disable login with a password.
That's because we all
learned it's very insecure.
So if you lose your private
key you are screwed.
[LAUGH].
We're in that realm now
theres no handholding,
if you do something you break your server,
you loose your key,
you change your permissions incorrectly,
your locked out.
No one can help you unfortunately,
that's, you know,
we're real engineers now this is serious.
Yes.
>> Speaker 3: Question on tips on keeping
your SSH keys organized.
Like, they have many keys for
many services.
What's the best way to do that?
They're asking, should you have one
key for all the services or should you
have a new key for each service?
>> Jem Young: That's a great
question, Derek.
A lot of +1s on that.
I tend to use the same key depending
on the level of security that I
want for my service.
So for my GitHub accounts,
I use one SSH key for most things.
But for Netflix services, things
like that, I use a separate SSH key,
just in case I lose my private key or
somehow it gets compromised.
Someone gets a copy of it,
all my things aren't insecure.
But inherently,
the great thing about the public private
key authentication system is that,
you can reuse it over and over again.
And you can be fairly
confident that it's secure.
But, do it to your own level of paranoia.
If you're extremely paranoid, make
a different key for every single site or
every single system we need to login to.
I like to give my naming scheme for
what it is, so for date hub key,
it's probably called jem_github, for
my jemian.com login to that server
it's probably called jemain.com.
Just giving a name, so something that
you remember, that the default system of
ID underscore RSA, do not use that
system is not helpful at all.
Because once you make that key you have
zero context on what that key was for and
when you're trying to log into a server
and you have like 50 keys it's not helpful
at all to try each one individually.
>> Speaker 3: Follow up question was about
the config file in the SSH directory.
>> Jem Young: Config file.
>> Speaker 3: They see
a config file what do you do with it?
>> Jem Young: Just leave that alone.
It's, we won't go into that today.
>> Speaker 2: So, just to offer,
my way of doing it is I make
an SSH key pair for every machine.
And then just keep one for every machine.
>> Jem Young: That's smart.
A lot of people that
carry around a USB stick
with all their private keys on it,
which is pretty useful too
unless somebody steals your-
>> Speaker 2: Actually let me amend that
every user on the machine.
>> Speaker 2: Right, so
if I have two users on each machine,
each of them has there own SSH que.
>> Jem Young: Okay, that's smart too.
Yeah.
>> Speaker 2: LIke I used virtual machines
a lot, so each virtual machine, like
vagrant, you know, each of those has their
own SSH key.
>> Jem Young: Okay, that's useful too.
Again, do it to your level of
comfortability with security.
I, in general don't have much to steal,
not that it would stop anybody.
Some people are just jerks.
They'll break into things
just cause they can.
But in general,
you can have probably one SSH key and
use it for multiple services and
probably be pretty secure.
But, again, be vigilant about
not sharing your private key and
not losing your private key,
so always have backups.
Use Time Machine.
Use some sort of Cloud
backup that you want.
And you should usually secure
your private key with a password.
Just in case someone gets it, they can't
just easily break into your server.